9.7 chunks on an eight vikkstar’s open
He's on, take it away Vik!
It's déjà vu—is it déjà Vik? Can he score, can he pass?
It goes to Harry! [Applause]
It's about time, he's deserved the goal
in one of these games—and he's got one.
Harry Wroetoshaw with the seventh of the match.
He pictured his mother's face in the top corner—and he nailed it.
What a finish, what a strike! Anyone that plays with Harry
knows he has a cannon of a strike on him.
He doesn’t often get to unleash it in these matches—but look at this!
And let's talk about his assist for Vikkstar—assist vision!
I mean he's a playmaker these days.
He's adapted to this game as he's got older—this is it.
I'll tell you what, a fantastic goal! It's 7–4 now,
and you said it—the Sidemen are known to get seven.
The technique on display there from Harry is nothing short
of Kevin De Bruyne. Nothing QC could have done about it.
Billy Wingrove loving life once again—
he's managed to get his team to seven goals.
Maybe more still to come…
Yeah, and there’s nothing he could have done about that.